doc(python): document the  method in fts (#982)
lancedb/lancedb: docs/src/fts.md

table.search("puppy").limit(10).where("meta='foo'").to_list()
```

## Phrase queries vs. terms queries

For full-text search you can specify either a **phrase** query like `"the old man and the sea"`, 
or a **terms** search query like `"(Old AND Man) AND Sea"`. For more details on the terms
query syntax, see Tantivy's [query parser rules](https://docs.rs/tantivy/latest/tantivy/query/struct.QueryParser.html).

> !!! tip "Example"
>     The query parser will raise an exception on `they could have been dogs OR cats` since the operator `OR` is all caps. However, `they could have been dogs or cats` works fine, and `"they could have been dogs" OR cats` also works (though the semantic meaning of what you're searching for is different).

Author: ```suggestion
!!! tip "Note"
    The query parser will raise an exception on queries that is ambiguous. For example, in the query `they could have been dogs OR cats`, `OR` is all caps so it is considered a keyword. But it's ambiguous how the left part should be treated. So if you search for that as is, you'll get `Syntax Error: they could have been dogs OR cats`
```

>     The query parser will raise an exception on queries that is ambiguous. For example, in the query `they could have been dogs OR cats`, `OR` is all caps so it is considered a keyword. But it's ambiguous how the left part should be treated. So if you search for that as is, you'll get `Syntax Error: they could have been dogs OR cats`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    The query parser will raise an exception on queries that are ambiguous. For example, in the query `they could have been dogs OR cats`, `OR` is capitalized so it's considered a keyword query operator. But it's ambiguous how the left part should be treated. So if you submit this search query as is, you'll get `Syntax Error: they could have been dogs OR cats`.
```

    ```py
    # This raises a syntax error
    table.search("they could have been dogs OR cats")
    ```

    On the other hand, lowercasing `OR` to `or` will work, because there are no capitalized logical operators and
    the query is treated as a phrase query.

    ```py
    # This works!
    table.search("they could have been dogs or cats")
    ```

It can be cumbersome to have to remember what will cause a syntax error depending on the type of
query you want to perform. To make this simpler, when you want to perform a phrase query, you can
enforce it in one of two ways:

1. Place the double-quoted query inside single quotes. For example, `table.search('"they could have been dogs OR cats"')` is treated as
a phrase query.
2. Explicitly declare the `phrase_query()` method. This is useful when you have a phrase query that
itself contains double quotes. For example, `table.search('the cats OR dogs were not really "pets" at all').phrase_query()`

> is treated as a phrase query.

Author: ```suggestion
is treated as a phrase query. This is done by wrapping the whole input in double quotes `"` and replacing any nested double quotes with a single quote `'`.
```

> is treated as a phrase query. This is done by wrapping the whole input in double quotes `"` and replacing any nested double quotes with a single quote `'`.

Author: ```suggestion
is treated as a phrase query.
```

table.search("puppy").limit(10).where("meta='foo'").to_list()
```

## Phrase queries vs. terms queries

For full-text search you can specify either a **phrase** query like `"the old man and the sea"`, 

> or a **terms** search query like `"(Old AND Man) AND Sea"`. For more details on the structured

Reviewer: ```suggestion
or a **terms** search query like `"(Old AND Man) AND Sea"`. For more details on the terms
```

query syntax, see Tantivy's [query parser rules](https://docs.rs/tantivy/latest/tantivy/query/struct.QueryParser.html).

> !!! tip "Note"
>     As a protection against unintended use, LanceDB will raise a syntax error if your query contains
>     recognized logical or symbolic operators. The following raises a syntax error since `OR` is a recognized operator.

Author: ```suggestion
!!! tip "Example"
    The query parser will raise an exception on `they could have been dogs OR cats` since the operator `OR` is all caps. However, `they could have been dogs or cats` works fine, and `"they could have been dogs" OR cats` also works (though the semantic meaning of what you're searching for is different).
```
